Refactor/block builder (#64)
nickmoreton/wagtail-wordpress-import: docs/blockbuilder.md

The filters listed below are then used to parse the HTML into a sequence of StreamField blocks.

The parsing process uses Beautiful Soup to analyze each top level HTML tag in the order they appear in the HTML body content. If a match is found in the `WAGTAIL_WORDPRESS_IMPORTER_CONVERT_HTML_TAGS_TO_BLOCKS` configuration a single block is created for the HTML tag.

---

## Included Blocks

#### Heading Block `<h1>, <h2>, <h3>, <h4>, <h5>, <h6>` 

Builder:

```python
def build_heading_block(tag):
    block_dict = {
        "type": "heading",
        "value": {"importance": tag.name, "text": tag.text},
    }
    return block_dict
```

Wagtail Block:

```python
class HeadingBlock(blocks.StructBlock):
    text = blocks.CharBlock(classname="title")
    importance = blocks.ChoiceBlock(
        choices=(
            ("h1", "H1"),
            ("h2", "H2"),
            ("h3", "H3"),
            ("h4", "H4"),
            ("h5", "H5"),
            ("h6", "H6"),
        ),
        default="h1",
    )

    class Meta:
        icon = "title"
        template = "wagtail_wordpress_import/heading_block.html"
```

#### Table Block `<table>`

> Filter: 

Reviewer: **Question**: Does the mkdocs markdown parser cope with missing blank lines after headings? And before triple-backtick code blocks?

Author: Yes you are right. Checked it with https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=DavidAnson.vscode-markdownlint and fixed

blocks.RawHTMLBlock()
```

#### Image Block `<img />` `TODO not yet complete, likely to come from shortcode parsing`

Filter: `TODO not yet complete
```python
def build_image_block(tag):
    def get_image_id(src):
        return 1

    block_dict = {"type": "image", "value": get_image_id(tag.src)}
    return block_dict
```
Wagtail Block
```python
class ImageBlock(blocks.StructBlock):
    image = ImageChooserBlock()
    caption = blocks.CharBlock(required=False)

    class Meta:
        icon = "image"
        template = "wagtail_wordpress_import/image_block.html"
```

#### Blockquote Block `<blockquote>`
Filter:
```python
def build_block_quote_block(tag):
    block_dict = {
        "type": "block_quote",
        "value": {"quote": tag.text.strip(), "attribution": tag.cite},
    }
    return block_dict
```
Wagtail Block:
```python
class QuoteBlock(blocks.StructBlock):
    quote = blocks.CharBlock(form_classname="title")
    attribution = blocks.CharBlock(required=False)

    class Meta:
        icon = "openquote"
        template = "wagtail_wordpress_import/quote_block.html"
```

## Included Fallback/Catch-all Block

By default, the fallback block is a Wagtail `RichText` Block.

> Only content that has no specific block filter is added to the fall back block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only content that has no specific block filter is added to the fallback block.
```

            "h3",{
                "FUNCTION": "wagtail_wordpress_import.block_builder_defaults.build_heading_block",},),
        (
            "h4",{
                "FUNCTION": "wagtail_wordpress_import.block_builder_defaults.build_heading_block",},),
        (
            "h5",{
                "FUNCTION": "wagtail_wordpress_import.block_builder_defaults.build_heading_block",},),
        (
            "h6",{
                "FUNCTION": "wagtail_wordpress_import.block_builder_defaults.build_heading_block",},),
        (
            "table",{
                "FUNCTION": "wagtail_wordpress_import.block_builder_defaults.build_table_block",},),
        (
            "iframe",{
                "FUNCTION": "wagtail_wordpress_import.block_builder_defaults.build_iframe_block",},),
        (
            "form",{
                "FUNCTION": "wagtail_wordpress_import.block_builder_defaults.build_form_block",},),
        (
            "img",{
                "FUNCTION": "wagtail_wordpress_import.block_builder_defaults.build_image_block",},),
        (
            "blockquote",{
                "FUNCTION": "wagtail_wordpress_import.block_builder_defaults.build_block_quote_bloc",},),
    ]

> ```

Reviewer: **Praise**: this is a big improvement over the previous arrangement.

Examples:

> 1. Include the `h1-h6` HTML tags in the fall back block and not have their own block types. Just remove the `h1-h6` filter configuration items in your own settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Include the `h1`–`h6` HTML tags in the fallback block and not have their own block types. Just remove the `h1-h6` filter configuration items in your own settings.
```

                "FUNCTION": "wagtail_wordpress_import.block_builder_defaults.build_heading_block",},),
        (
            "h4",{
                "FUNCTION": "wagtail_wordpress_import.block_builder_defaults.build_heading_block",},),
        (
            "h5",{
                "FUNCTION": "wagtail_wordpress_import.block_builder_defaults.build_heading_block",},),
        (
            "h6",{
                "FUNCTION": "wagtail_wordpress_import.block_builder_defaults.build_heading_block",},),
        (
            "table",{
                "FUNCTION": "wagtail_wordpress_import.block_builder_defaults.build_table_block",},),
        (
            "iframe",{
                "FUNCTION": "wagtail_wordpress_import.block_builder_defaults.build_iframe_block",},),
        (
            "form",{
                "FUNCTION": "wagtail_wordpress_import.block_builder_defaults.build_form_block",},),
        (
            "img",{
                "FUNCTION": "wagtail_wordpress_import.block_builder_defaults.build_image_block",},),
        (
            "blockquote",{
                "FUNCTION": "wagtail_wordpress_import.block_builder_defaults.build_block_quote_bloc",},),
    ]
```

Examples:

> 1. Include the `h1 - h6` HTML tags in the fallback block and not have their own block types. Just remove the `h1 - h6` filter configuration items in your own settings.

Reviewer: **Comment**: `h1 - h6` — well, that's not what I suggested, but it's not important.

Author: Ah now I see what you mean. I've made a note. I'm bound to be back in there soon and will update it then. Thanks
